README.md, before:

# SHRI Home Builders - Modern Website

A stunning, responsive website for SHRI Home Builders built with Next.js, featuring beautiful animations and modern design that perfectly matches professional home building company standards.

## 🏠 About SHRI

SHRI is Melbourne's premier home builder, specializing in custom homes, renovations, and exceptional craftsmanship. This website showcases their services, portfolio, and client success stories with a modern, animated user interface.

## ✨ Features

- **Beautiful Hero Section** with animated elements and compelling call-to-action
- **Comprehensive About Section** featuring company stats and achievements
- **Service Showcase** with detailed offerings and interactive cards
- **House Design Portfolio** displaying various home designs with specifications
- **Client Testimonials** with ratings and success stories
- **FAQ Section** with expandable questions and answers
- **Contact Forms** and location information
- **Fully Responsive** design working on all devices
- **Smooth Animations** using Framer Motion
- **SEO Optimized** with proper meta tags

## 🚀 Tech Stack

- **[Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org/)** - React framework with App Router
- **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)** - Type safety and better development experience
- **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **[Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)** - Powerful animation library
- **[Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/)** - Beautiful icon library
- **[React Intersection Observer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-intersection-observer)** - Scroll-triggered animations

## 🛠️ Getting Started

First, install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## 📱 Responsive Design

The website is fully responsive and optimized for:
- 📱 Mobile devices (320px+)
- 📱 Tablets (768px+)
- 💻 Desktop (1024px+)
- 🖥️ Large screens (1280px+)

## 🎨 Components

The website is built with reusable React components:

- `Header` - Navigation with scroll effects
- `Hero` - Main landing section with animations
- `About` - Company information and statistics
- `Services` - Service offerings with interactive cards
- `HouseDesigns` - Portfolio with design specifications
- `SuccessStories` - Video section and achievements
- `WhyChooseUs` - Key differentiators and process
- `Testimonials` - Client reviews and ratings
- `CustomBuild` - Custom building process
- `BuilderInfo` - Detailed company information
- `ContactInfo` - Contact forms and locations
- `FAQ` - Frequently asked questions
- `Footer` - Site footer with links and information

## 🚀 Deployment

The project is ready for deployment on platforms like:

- **Vercel** (recommended for Next.js)
- **Netlify**
- **AWS Amplify**
- **Azure Static Web Apps**

Build the project:

```bash
npm run build
```

## 📄 License

This project is created for SHRI Home Builders. All rights reserved.

## 🤝 Contributing

This is a custom project for SHRI Home Builders. For any modifications or updates, please contact the development team.

---

Built with ❤️ using Next.js and modern web technologies.

Commit message:

Complete Mann Homes brand color update
- Updated company branding from SHRI to Mann Homes throughout
- Changed color scheme to golden/amber theme (#d97706, #f59e0b)
- Updated contact information:
  * Phone: +61 0434 055 559
  * Email: info@mannhomes.com.au
  * Address: PO Box 2034, Melton South VIC 3338
- Applied consistent brand colors across all components:
  * Header, Hero, About, Services, HouseDesigns
  * WhyChooseUs, Testimonials, SuccessStories, FAQ
  * ContactInfo, Footer sections
- Updated CSS variables and gradients
- Maintained professional appearance with navy blue accents
- Removed taglines for cleaner branding

README.md, after:

# Mann Home Builders - Modern Website

A stunning, responsive website for Mann Home Builders built with Next.js, featuring beautiful animations and modern design that perfectly matches professional home building company standards.

## 🏠 About Mann Homes

Mann Homes is Melbourne's premier home builder, specializing in custom homes, renovations, and exceptional craftsmanship. This website showcases their services, portfolio, and client success stories with a modern, animated user interface.

## ✨ Features

- **Beautiful Hero Section** with animated elements and compelling call-to-action
- **Comprehensive About Section** featuring company stats and achievements
- **Service Showcase** with detailed offerings and interactive cards
- **House Design Portfolio** displaying various home designs with specifications
- **Client Testimonials** with ratings and success stories
- **FAQ Section** with expandable questions and answers
- **Contact Forms** and location information
- **Fully Responsive** design working on all devices
- **Smooth Animations** using Framer Motion
- **SEO Optimized** with proper meta tags

## 🚀 Tech Stack

- **[Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org/)** - React framework with App Router
- **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)** - Type safety and better development experience
- **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **[Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)** - Powerful animation library
- **[Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/)** - Beautiful icon library
- **[React Intersection Observer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-intersection-observer)** - Scroll-triggered animations

## 🛠️ Getting Started

First, install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## 📱 Responsive Design

The website is fully responsive and optimized for:
- 📱 Mobile devices (320px+)
- 📱 Tablets (768px+)
- 💻 Desktop (1024px+)
- 🖥️ Large screens (1280px+)

## 🎨 Components

The website is built with reusable React components:

- `Header` - Navigation with scroll effects
- `Hero` - Main landing section with animations
- `About` - Company information and statistics
- `Services` - Service offerings with interactive cards
- `HouseDesigns` - Portfolio with design specifications
- `SuccessStories` - Video section and achievements
- `WhyChooseUs` - Key differentiators and process
- `Testimonials` - Client reviews and ratings
- `CustomBuild` - Custom building process
- `BuilderInfo` - Detailed company information
- `ContactInfo` - Contact forms and locations
- `FAQ` - Frequently asked questions
- `Footer` - Site footer with links and information

## 🚀 Deployment

The project is ready for deployment on platforms like:

- **Vercel** (recommended for Next.js)
- **Netlify**
- **AWS Amplify**
- **Azure Static Web Apps**

Build the project:

```bash
npm run build
```

## 📄 License

This project is created for Mann Home Builders. All rights reserved.

---

This is a custom project for Mann Home Builders. For any modifications or updates, please contact the development team.

---

Built with ❤️ using Next.js and modern web technologies.
